or change the gamertag for free
xbox 360 we have to go to our
profile in the monito and we have to
press the modify button gamertag
of age we will give you in the menu button
the big x button we close session e
we start session with another xbox profile
live the only requirement is that you have to
being xbox live does not have to have goals
necessarily and good if it's level of
suddenly cuts so very wild is that
because I was recording this is
instantly and I said why not
teach them a tutorial
and good here I hope that once
that we have logged in
we closed the xbox menu
we give in introducing a new gamertag
and we introduce our gamertag
in this case mine is this
in this part we will have it if
use this gamertag
then he's going to load us this we're not going
to give in canceling or anything for the
we will see it in add option
of payment
come on and well once we have
put this screen we wait for
finish loading fully and once
that has finished loading we are going to
return to stop in the X the button of
the big X will take us
automatically to this screen and
and we're going to open the menu and close
session after we have closed
session we start with the profile to which
we were going to change the gamertag in this
case is to write player
good we hope to start
and once you have started it
we put I see we close the menu we give in
continue and this would be all takes from 1 to
3 days to change and good like
favorites and subscribe until next time